---
layout: post
title: Express/SOS 2025
date: 2025-03-07
inline: false
related_posts: false
---

Announcements and news can be much longer than just quick inline posts. In fact, they can have all the features available for the standard blog posts. See below.

---


# Important Dates
Monday June 24 July 1, 2024 (AoE, extended deadline)
Paper submission
Monday August 12, 2024
Notification to authors
Wednesday October 9, 2024
Final version due (Post-proceedings)
Proceedings
The workshop proceedings will be published in Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science .

# Submissions
We solicit two types of submissions:

Full papers of up to 15 pages excluding references in EPTCS style.
(presented at the workshop and included in the proceedings)
Short papers of up to 5 pages excluding references in EPTCS style.
(presented at the workshop, but not included in the proceedings)
Submission is performed through the EXPRESS/SOS 2024 EasyChair server.



We are planning a special issue with selected papers from EXPRESS/SOS 2023 and EXPRESS/SOS 2024. More information will follow closer to the event.


# Invited Speakers

Clément Aubert
Dr. Clément Aubert is an Associate Professor in the School of Computer and Cyber Sciences and an associate faculty member of the Graduate School at Augusta University, USA. He obtained his B.Sc. degree in Philosophy from the University of Paris 1, his M.S. degree in Mathematics from the University of Paris 7, and his PhD in Computer Science from the University of Paris 13. His current research interests are in formal methods for concurrent systems, type systems for the study of complexity, and reversible concurrent systems.



# Programme Committee
Georgiana Caltais , (co-chair) University of Twente, The Netherlands
Cinzia Di Giusto , (co-chair) Université Côte d'Azur, France / CNRS, France
Elli Anastasiadi Uppsala University, Sweden
Matteo Cimini University of Massachusetts Lowell, USA
Wan Fokkink , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Adrian Francalanza University of Malta
Fatemeh Ghassemi University of Tehran, Iran
Lorenzo Gheri University of Liverpool
Eva Graversen University of Southern Denmark, Denmark
Jean Krivine CNRS, Paris, France
Sergueï Lenglet Université de Lorraine
Doriana Medic University of Turin, Italy
Maurizio Murgia Gran Sasso Science Institute
António Ravara Universidade NOVA de Lisboa, Portugal
Marjan Sirjani Malardalen University, Sweden
Felix Stutz University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Emilio Tuosto Gran Sasso Science Institute, Italy
Frank Valencia LIX, Ecole Polytechnique, France
Daniele Varacca LACL - Université Paris Est Créteil, France
Gianluigi Zavattaro Department of Computer Science and Engineering - University of Bologna, Italy

# Organisers
For questions, please contact:

Giorgio Bacci, University of Twente, The Netherlands
[Cinzia Di Giusto](mailto), Université Côte d'Azur, France


# Registration
EXPRESS/SOS 2024 is planned as a physical event,
with certain support for remote presence, for speakers and other participants who are unable or unwilling to come.
To register for EXPRESS/SOS 2024, please visit the registration page of CONFEST 2024.

# Program